Add glossary of terms (#186)
microsoft/vcpkg-docs: vcpkg/concepts/glossary.md

---
title: Glossary of vcpkg terms
description: This article provides a glossary of common terms-of-art used in vcpkg's documentation.
author: vicroms
ms.author: viromer
ms.date: 10/23/2023
ms.prod: vcpkg
ms.topic: glossary
---

# Glossary: vcpkg

> Some of the terms used in this documentation have similar meaning when discussed
> by the community. Because of that, and to avoid confusion and ambiguity. This
> article provides specific meaning to these terms. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some of the terms used in this documentation have similar meanings when discussed
by the community. Because of that, and to avoid confusion and ambiguity. This
article provides specific meanings for these terms. 
```

## L

### Library
A piece of software (source code, binary files, documentation, license, etc.)
that is intended to be reused by other software.

## M

### Manifest

> A file named `vcpkg.json` that describes the metadata, such as dependencies, of

Reviewer: Maybe add links to their reference/concept documentation?

a port or a project.

## O

### Overlay port/triplet
A locally available port or triplet. Usually, used to provide a port or triplet
that is not part of a registry, or to override the name of a port or triplet in
a registry.

## P

### Package
A package can contain a library, collection of libraries, build scripts, software
tools, or other components necessary for their use. The goal of vcpkg is to

> install these packages in your system.

Reviewer: Would it be worth differentiating between system install and vpkg install?

### Port
A vcpkg-specific term, a port contains:

* Metadata about a package: name, version, dependencies, supported features, etc.

> * Instructions to acquire, build if nece

Reviewer: It looks like this sentence got cut off.

---
title: Glossary of vcpkg terms
description: This article provides a glossary of common terms-of-art used in vcpkg's documentation.
author: vicroms
ms.author: viromer
ms.date: 10/23/2023
ms.prod: vcpkg
ms.topic: glossary
---

# Glossary: vcpkg

Some of the terms used in this documentation have similar meanings when
discussed by the community. Because of that, and to avoid confusion and
ambiguity this article provides specific meanings for these terms.

## L

### Library

A piece of software (source code, binary files, documentation, license, etc.)

> that is intended to be reused by other software. Most ports in the vcpkg
> registry install libraries.

Author: ```suggestion
that is intended to be reused by other software. Most ports in the [vcpkg
registry](<https://github.com/Microsoft/vcpkg>) install C/C++ libraries.
```
